Senior, come and see what happened to my dad
What's wrong
I don't know what's going on.
Better hurry to the hospital
We are afraid that
What do you mean?
How can I be this?
Miss Guo, I want you to take me to see the Buddha Mother
Otherwise
What's cold is that you let me get through her
Master Yang
Since you can see my father's illness
You can definitely save him, right?
I beg you.
Please I can't
Miss Hou
Why should you believe that swagger?
Mr. Liang
What are you doing here?
I'm having tea with Sun Shenyi nearby
Come and have a look when you hear the sound.
Let me introduce you to everyone.
This is Sun Shenyi
Used to be the head of a high-level medical team
Sun, one of the three great hands of traditional Chinese medicine in our country
Sun Wukong, oops, as the saying goes
Yama calls people three more deaths
No one will be left until the fifth watch.
Our Master Sun will make a move.
Even if Yama wants him to die three times
He can also forcibly keep people in the old guard
Sun Zhenyi, please save my father